README.md, before:

[x] All headline writing in the colour #1c7272
[x] Remove "About the future of halal and CEO SAMI"
[x] Move "Available only @ Seerah Exhibition" section to 3rd position
[x] "GLobal trends and case studies" - move this up some rows
[x] Change "About the Future of Halal" in 3rd section to "Unveiling Key Insights"
[x] Section 3: Remove all headings and show as paragraph
[x] Authoritative Acclaim instead of “What the Experts are saying”
[x] Need to make the book smaller
[x] Update Content from document & title
[x] Available only @Seerah: invert colors
[x] Modify Available only @Seerah:
    [x] Invert arrow at the above to point to this section
    [x] remove CEO SAMI
    [x] shift to left
[x] Realistic Render
- Background colors to be lighter
- Show front of book most of the time

---------------------------------------------

[x] Merge "Future is Now" with Footer
- Fix animation - responsiveness mobile/desktop

---------------------------------------------

- Initial animation
[later] 3D CEO Logo animation in "Available only @ Seerah Exhibition"
- Blog feature

Commit message:

feat: [x] Change background [x] "Available exclusively @ Seerah" text to white

README.md, after:

[x] All headline writing in the colour #1c7272
[x] Remove "About the future of halal and CEO SAMI"
[x] Move "Available only @ Seerah Exhibition" section to 3rd position
[x] "GLobal trends and case studies" - move this up some rows
[x] Change "About the Future of Halal" in 3rd section to "Unveiling Key Insights"
[x] Section 3: Remove all headings and show as paragraph
[x] Authoritative Acclaim instead of “What the Experts are saying”
[x] Need to make the book smaller
[x] Update Content from document & title
[x] Available only @Seerah: invert colors
[x] Modify Available only @Seerah:
    [x] Invert arrow at the above to point to this section
    [x] remove CEO SAMI
    [x] shift to left
[x] Realistic Render
[x] Show front of book most of the time
[x] Change background
[x] "Available exclusively @ Seerah" text to white
- Top left just switch arrow to point up
- Bring info on bottom right closer together
- Change from “Authoritative Acclaim” to “Expert Reviews”
- Didn't add Seerah logo as it wasn't looking good

---------------------------------------------

[x] Merge "Future is Now" with Footer
- Fix animation - responsiveness mobile/desktop

---------------------------------------------

- Initial animation
[later] 3D CEO Logo animation in "Available only @ Seerah Exhibition"
- Blog feature
